It's just an audit. I see.
It's okay, it's just that the Kunlun system is checking.
Our company's accounts can also stand the investigation
Just a routine operation
Dad, you still have an advanced job
Clean up this account in advance
Remember that without foresight, one must be close
It's like getting rid of the forest that beat you
If this kid refuses to accept
He is bound to continue to cause you trouble
Strange to say
The killer you invited will arrive in an hour
It hasn't arrived yet, has it?
It shouldn't be.
I'm looking for a top overseas killer organization
Satanic Organization
The phone is turned off
Dad, he won't lie to you.
Absolutely impossible
I worked with them.
urgent report
The overseas sandbar group is suspected of infiltrating our building
Under the land outside Kunlun
It only took an hour.
Sign up all the members of the organization who are under attack
This forestry kid's life is really good
He escaped
Dad, let's just let him go
How is that possible?
As soon as the inheritance ceremony is over
I will immediately arrange other means
It's this little guy at the bottom
I have a thousand ways
Why is this Master Lei really not a thing?
When I got rich, my hands were full of blood
There are even several people
I really didn't expect such a thing to be hidden
Do I need to get them under control now?
The ceremony in three days
I personally declare Don guilty of miscellaneous people
By the way, also knock other things